1.WHO WON THE ELECTION
Elections are going on, and there are two candidates A and B, contesting with each other. There is a queue of voters and in this queue, some of them are supporters of A and some of them are supporters of B. Many of them are neutral. The fate of the election will be decided on which side the neutral voters vote. Supporters of A and supporters of B make attempts to win the votes of neutral voters.

The way this can be done is explained below:

1. The voter queue is denoted by three characters, viz {-, A, B}. The ‘-’ denotes neutral candidate, ‘A’ denotes supporter of candidate A and ‘B’ denotes supporter of candidate B.
2. Supporters of A can only move towards the left side of the queue.
3. Supporters of B can only move towards the right side of the queue.
4. Since time is critical, supporters of both A and B will move simultaneously.
5. They both will try and influence the neutral voters by moving in their direction in the queue. If a supporter of A reaches the neutral voter before a supporter of B reaches him, then that neutral voter will become a supporter of candidate A.
6. Similarly, if a supporter of B reaches the neutral voter before supporter of A reaches him, then that neutral voter will become a supporter of candidate B.
7. Finally, if both reach at the same time, the voter will remain neutral. A neutral vote cannot decide the outcome of the election.
8. If finally, the queue has more votes for candidate A, then A wins the election. If B has more votes, then B wins that election. If both have equal votes, then it will be a coalition government.
Your task is to find the outcome of the election.

For Example:
Given string- “B--A-”
              B --->  B  A   <--- A    B
              ----------------------------->
Output - B as B can move towards right only and A can move in left direction only. Thus B has 3 supporters in total while A have only 2 supporters. 
Note:

1. There are no test cases where all votes are neutral.
2. The influenced voters do not move and hence does not have any influence over the neutral voters.
